JENNIE
I feel like as far as I remember
ever since I was a kid,
I’ve always been the shy kid.
I didn’t really like
talking in front of a lot of people.
I have a strive
on searching for something new inside
where I want to develop that
into something of my own,
and create something
that hasn’t been out to the world.
But when it comes to performing on stage,
I think I put on this entire new self,
where I’m not afraid.
When I’m performing,
I forget about everything.
It’s just all about me,
expressing myself, expressing our music.
I guess I do have a switch inside
somewhere where I turn it on and off,
but it’s not something
that I do purposely.
I think it reacts with music.
And the very first energy that I meet
whenever I first jump up on the stage.
I wanna say it’s just something
that I was born with,
because I’m proud of it,
and I'm happy doing it.
So yeah.
I think our identity is rather fixed.
I like to think that
we have a lot of pride
in having both colors, black and pink.
But because of that,
we’re still in the process
of continuously experimenting.